***Brand strategy on Instagram
Julieta has gathered some useful information explaining everything in a clear way. It's nice to have some feedback from someone who works in the marketing industry as a consultant and that is at the same time an influencer. I recommend it.
Very clear & inspiring! Got me re-working my brand & social media strategy immediately. Take the course!
Very well planned course with lots of information to work to achieve great results.
I like your teaching method
The content is very clear, with many examples, very complete. Very useful, thanks.
I recommend this course 100%. Juliet is excellent! I am learning so many key things.
I did not even have INSTAGRAM. Since I bought the course it took a month between installing it on my battered cell phone and doing my first arts, I'm still in that, but I have no doubt that the perspective provided by this course is key to my goal: position my blog. Interesting approach, how to present it and all the tips. Very inspiring, I am already working on my project, full of enthusiasm, THANK YOU JULIETA and DOMESTIKA !!!
The course presented important concepts and at first unknown, even for those who have been using Instagram for some time, but who do not have a background in branding and strategy. The content was presented in a clear and didactic way.
Super clear Juliet. Excellent!
I found the course successful, to learn how to manage my brand on Instagram well, in my case I am starting then I found it very useful and I already started to put into use what I learned.
***Instagram Ads Fundamentals
Very detailed course. It was easy to follow. I am an Instagram Ads Expert now.
Excellent. Lots of information that is very clearly explained by Sharon. I will probably need to go through the content one more time before I feel like I've internalized it all. Really great course!
It's a good course for the person who has just started Instagram marketing. I can say that It's basic information for me. It can be better, but it's okay to start from here.
Good job. Learn some new things, didn't go in depth on some aspects however. But overall great job. Recommended if you've been struggling with Instagram marketing.
Great course. Very informative
Absolutely loved the course. Brought a lot of understanding to things I've had trouble with. Some overlay with the Instagram Ad and Facebook Ad course, but I feel it brings everything together. I'm feeling smarter already. Thank you!
The lesson were perfect and properly described by the girl. very easy to understand and the sound quality is also 100% clear .. but she is not that exert in instagram marketing and not the advance level of marketing
THIS WAS SO WORTH!! I absolutely loved this course! It was right to the point! It didn't leave anything out! Thank you for offering this course at such an affordable price!
Not explained in deep. It's facebook oriented rather than Instagram itself. Also, focused on Ads rather than organic growth.
Excellent course! I had used Instagram ads a few times and there was a lot of new information here that I didn't know. The information on using Ads Manager and how to set up Split Testing was especially useful.
***Instagram marketing Masterclass
The team at Bootcamp Digital made the complex feel approachable; the challenging seem manageable. Their down-to-earth teaching style resonated with me and I felt like it was a peer-to-peer session versus teacher/student. I highly recommend them for a full-team training.
Allison gave a wonderful presentation about blogging for SEO. The entire presentation was easy-to-follow and the information she gave was extremely helpful!
I took the social media marketing and digital marketing certifications. The courses were the best I’ve ever took. I have 38 certifications in all, but I loved these. Just the context and breadth alone is amazing. They put a lot of effort in to make these courses. I recommend taking them instead of going to college to learn from someone that has never done it.
I think the Social Media Strategy portion was great. It was self guided and Krista made things really easy to understand. Social Media can be overwhelming and she did a great job of simplifying it. My only feedback would be to provide more examples of businesses that sell services instead of products. It's easy to identify key words and audiences for a yoga studio or a pet store (for example) but it's a little harder to identify those things for financial services. Literally everyone uses a bank of some sort so it's difficult to identify what our exactly our consumers are interested in.
The online certifications are extremely informative and feel exactly like taking a class. They are broken down into segments, which makes learning and the quizzes easier to tackle. Boot Camp Digital's experts make perfect panelists for conferences, summits, etc. Their knowledge and expertise was evident and welcomed at the Belize Tourism Board's Digital Marketing Summit 2019. We look forward to hosting them again.
The Social Media Strategy course was very informative and I learned many new things. The video lessons were well put together and offered real and current examples on the various subjects. I also like the fact that there are more detailed courses you can take included with this course, breaking down each platform like Facebook, Twitter, etc. I will be going through these as well to learn more about each platform that we use now that the main course has been completed.
There was a lot of great information in the class. I especially liked being able to look at different Linked In profiles and see how mine can be improved. The trainer was knowledgeable and knew her content well.
Alison is a great presenter. Her info on social media is a great overview for employees that need to know the next steps on becoming "social."
I enjoyed the overview of social media marketing techniques, it was extremely useful. I would love to take another course related to the art of creating social media posts!
Allison is one of the most accomplished marketers I have ever met. I worked with her through a community service project, where we choose a charity to raise money for, grow their brand and build partnerships. Allison, trained our 38 person team and the results were amazing! With her training the group raised over $60k in 30 days, built 12 partnerships and received tens of thousands of dollars in in-kind donations.
***Instagram Marketing 2020: A Step-By-Step to 10,000 Followers
Thanks for courses! Structure and video was good and i see you involved lot of work, but for me I need more dynamic temp. Sometimes I put on pause and looking in youtube channel for some faster or explained info. And intro somewhere can be shorter - 11 sek. its too much in this running world :D
Definitely learned a lot of tips and tricks in order to build a good business profile and attract the right followers in order to convert them to customers. Thank you so much for this brilliant course.
Everything is straightforward and easy to understand! Thank you for this course, i can now build not only myself as artist with a strategic plan, but others as well by monetizing of the help! I this course is brilliant!
Very informative course and well-structured with many additional resources. I will definitely refer back to several parts of the course, as I implement my new Instagram knowledge.
This is a great course, what I like the most is that show a lot of strategy on how to gain followers and make your business grow. What I didn’t like was many of the guided lessons are with and outdated version of Instagram an something have change in the app since the video was recorded. Another thing is, there is some requirement your IG account needs to complied in order for some features to work, such as the “SWIPE UP” in stories, you require 10k followers to have that feature. But, overall is a great course and I truly recommend, it got many ideas from it which I’m starting to put on work.
Yes It has been a perfect course for me since I'm new to instagram... I have learned everything I need and much more to get started
The creator of this course is committed to helping me understand his content and improving in areas where I lack understanding.
Yes it is a good match so far. I’ve been trying for a long time to grow my Business online Let’s just say it’s been challenging for years This is been one of the best courses I’ve ever taken in my 60 years of life I’ve learned a lot and I can’t wait to see how it ends
This course provide me a valuable knowledge for the Instagram and helping out to avoid mistake that I have done while using my quotes page on Instagram tea_quote and my private account jay_fursule. Thank You for providing me such updated valuable content for year 2020. this will help to improve my skill's to next level.
Very informative course. Learned so much about Instagram, and how to optimise my account. Loved the fact that I got two versions of this course - the original, and then the updated one as well, for the price of one. I think my only 'negative' comment would be how there is no information on how to actually create all these videos they continuously talk about - a mention of a video app and some briefing on how to use it would've really added a lot of value.
***Becoming an Instagram Influencer: Creating Authentic Content and Monetizing Your Following
Im a person with deficit of atention, so is hard to me pay atention when the image doesnt catch me, saty to much sit there is simple, a little effort on montage could improve the vids.
This has been a very helpful video even for us beginners. I would like to study more on this theme
I found this course extremely helpful. The presentation is extremely professional with well planned out content.
Hi Sean, I loved this class - thank you! There's SO much value in learning from someone who can show that they know their stuff. I just joined your insta before. The photography is stunning! I am in the process of setting up a major insta page called 'Children's Books of Australia' and I'm trying to figure out the best way to do it. I want to eventually use it to showcase my own books, but up until then and at the same time I'll also use it to review other people's books - with the first 50 reviews being free. I'm considering having my children (5 & 9) do the reviews and feature in the photos, but I'm in two minds as to whether or not this might come across as unprofessional. The aim of the site will be to let parents, schools, publishing houses, etc. know what books are coming onto the market by Australian authors, whether they're formally published or indie. I have the domain names set aside. My own author feed is 'LindaRBester', though I need to clean up 'the look' of it based on your teachings. Any feedback you could provide would be absolutely fabulous! Thanks again :)
I am new here and would like to comment sometime in the future.
maybe a separate class on the use of analytics
Really good piece of information about the whole instagram ecosystem. Thanks Sean for the classes. Really recommend it!
This was an eye opener. Thank you so much for clarifying how to be successful on Instagram.
This class is really interesting and useful to anyone who starting IG business.
Recommend this class to everyone, even if they are advanced in this subject because sometimes people forget to put some reality into their Instagram and put too many sponsor posts. Great class!
***Growing Your Audience on Instagram
I thought this class was great. It was more of like a beginner's crash course into Instagram, so I would have liked more specific actionable steps as to how one could grow an audience versus an overview of what Instagram is. Yet, I would still recommend the class to people since it's a good launching pad into instagram.
For the most part, I used Instagram in the most basic way. Because I want to promote my photography, I have to get better about how I use it. I took this class because Pei is also a photographer, and I specifically sought out her opinion on the platform. For those more intermediate and advanced users, they might not get as much value from it. However, I recommend the course to others who want to build their profile and understanding of how Instagram can be beneficial to their business.
Definitely not for "growing" your audience. Class is for absolute Instagram beginnners. Worked for me, but the title is misleading. She teaches the basics of setting up your profile, etc. I was expecting to learn some tips and tricks about photography for IG, given that she is a photographer, but it was more about administrative things, captions, connecting with your audience. All good points, just not quite what I was expecting. Glad I got this on a large discount deal. Ok at that price but I'm glad I did not pay full price for this.
Very informative for an Instagram newbiew like me.
The title of the course was misleading. This is for first time instagram users. It's not focused on growing your audience.
I would recommend this course to those who are more so beginners with Instagram. If you already have plenty of experience you will most likely not learn too many new things.
This class demystified Instagram and how to use it for personal and business use. I have taken other classes but this one explains how to maximize your account and I finally understand hashtags, and their use. I recommend this class for business and personal use alike. There is so much more than posting pictures which I should have known. Even if you think you know Instagram, there is something to learn here. The instructor also goes over IG Stories and how it compares to Snapchat. I am following this instructor Pei Ketron on Instagram as well since the class.
Great information! Love the tips, tricks and ways to use Instagram for your business.